Why don't you come inside?
You just got back from work?
Is it that obvious?
Got overtime again?
I have to take over Thach's role now.
Do you want to go for a walk?
You look tired. You should get some rest.
I don't feel tired when I'm with you.
It's 6 A.M now. The sunrise must be beautiful.
Um.
Why don't you say anything?
You look so happy, and that makes me happy too.
If only I could hear these words from Thach.
Hurry up!
You had a long night working.
Do you feel hungry? Should we eat something?
It sounds good.
Should we have Pho?
Anything will do.
Anything will do?
Then, we should eat sticky rice!
If I eat it, I'll get fat!
Yet, you told me anything would do.
It's meal time!
Here you are.
Huh? Why did you buy sticky rice?
You told me anything would do!
It's hard to digest!
If you don't want it, I'll eat it!
Wait! It's mine!
Why did you tell me you wouldn't eat it?
We have to eat to live!
The sky is beautiful, isn't it?
Uh.
Hey!
Yes?
Me and the flower, which one is more beautiful?
Flowers, of course.
What about Thach and I? Who's more handsome?
Of course, it's Thach!
Hello?
Did something happen at the restaurant?
Do you need me to come there now?
Okay. I'll be there right away.
If you have to leave, just go first.
I want to walk a little bit more.
No need.
Let's eat first and then I'll go.
You can go back now.
Your work is important.
I want to walk a little bit more.
Okay. I'll take you out to make it up for you.
Um. You should go.
You woke up late! I wasn't able to give you a shave till now.
Who was lazy in bed and didn't want to wake up?
I don't have any beard to shave anyway.
You do! It's very long!
Just sit still and let me do it. Don't move.
Why are you so shaky?
Is it that clear?
Just trust me.
I trust you.
It sounds so unwilling!
When I was a kid, I took my dad's razor.
I tried to shave myself,
and I cut a huge piece of my face skin!
Oh!
Poor my Phuc!
You have facial hair too. Let me shave it.
No! (similar to "smelly")
I'm not smelly. I had a shower.
Sit still and let me finish it. Almost done!
It's done.
Why do your cheeks smell so good? You sprayed perfume on them?
Not just your cheeks smell good,
your neck smells good too!
Your shoulders as well!
And your chest too!
I wonder if somewhere else smells good too.
There are many places more.
You think I don't dare or I can't?
I dare you!
Hey! I can fall!
Thach!
You'll bump my head! My head!
Good morning.
Actually, it's afternoon.
Really?
Do you want to eat something?
Anything will do!
You didn't "eat" much last night so you're hungry now?
You scold me so hard
so I didn't dare to do much.
Babe.
We should do something. It's boring to stay home all the time!
What do you want to do?
Anything.
It's so cool today.
It's early March, isn't it?
It's ten days before March ends.
Are we odd?
Not at all.
I can't see.
What about you? Are you annoyed by being stared at?
Just be who we are and relaxed.
Cherish our lovers and do what lovers normally do.
That's how to be happy.
I love you.
Hello, Mrs. Ha!
I'm good. How are you?
Are you free tomorrow?
May I ask you to a coffee shop? I want to talk to you.
Yes.
Goodbye, Mrs. Ha.
Phuc.
Yes?
Help me find posts about foreign and local foods.
They're all food reviews.
Is there any hot news about current affairs?
No, there isn't.
In the past, I often looked new recipes up online.
Now I can't see anymore.
I can't look up anything.
Babe. You should have your eyes treated.
How?
I read on the Internet that your eyes can be cured.
But, you need to go abroad.
My mom wants to take me abroad to have my eyes treated.
That's great!
With one condition.
Phuc.
Yes?
When you're with me,
do you feel happy?
Of course, I do.
Why do you ask me that?
Who are you?
Mrs. Ha wants to see you.
Who is she?
Thach's mother.
Hello, madam.
Hello.
Two months from now, I'll take Thach to America to have his eyes treated.
That's so good!
You know that Thach is a famous chef.
He's also a son of a politician.
You know how much people care about his private life.
I hope you understand what I said.
You should discreetly leave him. That will be better.
He doesn't know your face anyway.
My words might sound harsh,
but this would be better for you both.
I will give you an amount of money.
It's enough for you to have a decent life and care for your family.
I'm still young. I can take care of that. Thank you.
You graduated in Communications and Journalism, didn't you?
I can help you get a job.
Thank you but I can find a job on my own.
It would be great if you were a girl.
Don't you want to ask for anything?
Please give me more time to think.
How long?
Uh... One day.
That's okay. Not too long.
Call me if you need anything.
Oh. Thach hasn't agreed to come to America with me.
I want you to convince him.
But you should think carefully.
Even though he's my son, I still want him to respect our family's reputation.
Come and go.
We can't love forever.
That's life.
We all have to move on.
It's not getting hurt physically.
It's not crying for being parted either.
Feeling nothing is the scariest thing.
Come or go. Can I decide?
Hello?
I'll come home right away.
Hello? I'm Phuc.
My answer is...